Somebody arrest them, you hear me?
It's not too late for you to kneel and beg for mercy now
Otherwise, it will be thrown out in a while.
So embarrassing
Master Ou, don't blame me
This is the heroic end you brought upon yourself
It's not bad to go to prison
At least widely
If you go back to Taoyuan County
Where are your biological parents?
I'm afraid I won't even be able to eat a full meal
Hahaha
Oh, really!
Is this the wrong person?
How did you catch us?
You fools
You got the wrong guy, you know?
Mrs. Li Xiao
Are you mistaken?
What's the misunderstanding?
What are you still doing?
Take them down and teach them a lesson
Dare to make trouble at my birthday party
You guys are tired of living
Black old lady, you misunderstood
The young master is making trouble
Madam Leader, please let us go
Please forgive us.
Why don't you admit it?
Yanyan, are you alright?
It's okay my grandma
How do you know?
Ouch, it was a few days ago.
I've been recuperating at the old house store
And pass this sickness to you
So I didn't see you.
But your dad showed me your picture.
How is your health now?
It's okay, it's all old habits
Hey, you've suffered a lot outside these years.